ODOSSI
Did you have a good time at home during Chuseok? (Korean holiday)
I hope there is no holiday.
-I'm so stressed out on holidays.
-Why?
My parents nag me too much.
What? They want you to die?
Or why did you come home?
t's not that. Marry her.
You're nagging me to marry anyone.
You don't even have a girlfriend because your parents nag you.
That's right. I was born with this face.
It's my parents' fault that I was born like this.
Your parents are still married, aren't they?
So it's my parents' fault that they made me look like this.
-You can live, too.
-That's not the problem. Did anything happen to you?
I'm not going home for the holidays anymore.
Did your parents nag you, too?
-It's not that, it's so sad for my father.
-What happened?
My nephew came home and my dad gave me pocket money, but I didn't give him any.
-How old is your nephew?
-4 years old. 6 years old.
What are you sad about?
You shouldn't get allowance from your parents, you should give it to them.
-I gave my parents my allowance, too.
-Where's your money?
I took out the allowance Dad gave me for my nephew.
"Don't tell your mom!" I took it out.
Your parents must be worried about you. You have no job, no money, no women, no future.
-I don't have a woman?
-You don't have a girl.
I went home and dated a girl this time.
-You with a girl?
-I had a really pretty friend when I was in elementary school.
-I had a date with her.
-How close are you?
It's a girl, but it's a old friend.
She's a girl. She's very close to you.
-She and I almost dated a little.
-You're dating her.
I met her with the intention of dating her anyway. She was walking over there, and I was so reminded of the old days.
So what did you do?
-I said hello to her like old times.
-You hugged her?
No. Ass poking!!
I attacked her right behind her.
She was looking somewhere else, so I was  ass poking right away.
I haven't seen her for a long time and I can't go empty-handed.
I took a little gift.
I gave her a present while I was talking.
Gift? What gift?
I told her.
"I liked you when you were a kid. That's why I collected a little when I thought of you."
-Can you take my gift?
-What's that?
Fart
crazy guy
Get your hands off me!
She must have hated it.
-No, she doesn't hate it. Do you know what she did when I farted?
-How?
She said, "I have something for you, too."
She said, "Fart!!!"
A woman farted with her legs up like this?
But she's gonna feel pretty bad.
I said something to make you feel better.
Did you tell her things that made her feel good?
-I'll tell her I'll...
"Are you on YouTube?"
-"No, I don't."
"You don't do YouTube? But my heart subscribed to you."
"I like you!"
It's so cheesy. It's trash.
I said to her, "I like you," and she said, "I block you" and went home.
I think you can't meet a girl.
But she was my ideal type.
If I meet a girl like that again, I will definitely get married.
Then tell me your ideal type. Then I'll find her and introduce you to her.
-My ideal type?
-Tell me your ideal type.
My ideal type is...
A woman who knows how to decorate herself.
For example... (scanning a woman)
A pretty woman with good makeup.
Every time they put on makeup, they have different charms.
Those women put cosmetics on the table.
(Woman: That's right. )
(Woman: Huh?)
(Woman: Let's clean up the cosmetics first.)
Yes, they fix their makeup from time to time.
My ideal type is someone who makes himself look good.
(Woman: Let's hide this, too.)
Do you think women like that fix makeup often?
-I'm in big trouble if her make-up gets erased.
-Why?
Her pores are this big.
-There are so many sweat pores on my face.
-She's filling it with makeup?
That's right. Make it up with cosmetics.
-You don't care if she's that kind of woman?
-I don't care.
If I'm dating her.
I'll take you to the construction site right away on the day we date.
Why take her to the construction site?
Her sweat pores are big, so we should fill her up with cement at the construction site.
Concrete on her face?
Then her face will be clogged.
If you fill her pores with cement, the cement might crack over time, so what do you do?
Then I'll shoot silicon in her cracked face.
What else is your ideal type?
(Woman: What else do you ask?)
I'm also... (Scanning her again)
-Usually men like sexy women.
-That's right. Sexy girl.
I don't like women who dress sensibly.
So my ideal type is a woman who always takes her jacket with her. Not sexy clothes.
(Woman: Huh? No...)
The color of the jacket is black.
(Woman: Me??)
(Woman: What is it?) (Suspicious)
Her clothes feel like a dress.
a bright dress with a jacket
(Woman: No way. I don't think so.)
a woman with her hair tied to her hair
(Woman: Definitely me!!))LOLLL
-You look like a girl in a fairy tale.
-It's like Rapunzel.
(Woman: What's wrong with you guys?LOLLLL)
Do you know why women like that don't wear clothes that show their backs because it's hot these days?
She has a lot of hair on her back.
(Women: Audience Mode ON)
If you look at her from afar, you'll think her skin is originally black.
-A black pig?
-That's the black pig feeling.
-You don't care about a woman like that?
-Oh, I don't care.
I'm going to pull out her back with a tweezers.
You're going to pick all of them?
I'll pull it out every time she has hair on her back and I'll collect it all.
What's the use of collecting those hairs?
(Woman: Why??) (Suddenly speaking LOLLLL)
I'll collect her fur and make her clothes.
-What clothes?
-Paca. A parka made of back hair.
A backshair parka you couldn't even build on North Face?
It's a meaningful clothing.
She has more hair on her back than a Wolverine beard.
What about another ideal type?
(Woman: What else?)
I have...
I like it when women cross their legs.
-Women sitting cross-legged?
-Uh. Crossing his legs and then loosening them.
(Woman: Correcting her posture quickly.)
(Woman: Loosen it? Let's twist it again.)
You like her, don't you?
Shoes are a bit of a booty.
(Woman: Is it me again?)
It's so nice when a woman with crossed legs wears boots.
I told you I liked a girl who wasn't sexy.
(Woman: Enjoying LOLLLLL)
She dresses so that no one can see her toes.
I'm afraid you've only seen her there. You didn't see the essence.
You didn't see her alone. If there's no one around and she's alone, right?
Take off your boots and just scratch between your toes with your fingers.
I'm scratching my finger, and when another guest comes in, I secretly smell...
She's that kind of course.
You don't care if she's that kind of girl?
I don't care.
(Woman: Laughing and Cold LOLLL)
How stressful would she be because of the smell of her feet? She can't even drive with anyone else.
When other people get in the car with her, they're like...
"What's this smell?" .
So I'm going to give the car an air freshener for her. (Korean traditional bean dishes. It smells bad)
You don't know where this smells when people get in the car.
A woman can be confident.
There's no woman like that around me.
But my ideal type came here.
She said she'd block me, but I think she unblocked me.
I didn't know she was coming here.
Don't move. Ice!!
Don't move!!!
(Woman: Don't tell me...) It's not what I think it is it? Come quickly, my friend.)
Don't say anything and stay here.
Do you have meju in your bag?
I can't go to her empty-handed, so take meju or something.
-Hello.
- (Women: Ice!! LOLLL)
(Woman: I can't stand it. LOLLL)
You like me.
Hi. I'm not a weirdo.
Woman: I think you're a weirdo. LOLLL
-Oh really? You have a very bright personality.
-She noticed. You're a weirdo.
I saw you from the side and you look like a girl who lives in the Alps.
Tie your hair in pigtails, wear a black jacket and boots.
I like blocked boots.
I love how you keep fixing your makeup.
Don't just put it in like that.
She likes it too much. She's open-minded.
(Woman: Honestly, I'm having fun now.LOLLLL)
Why are you suddenly closing your heart?
I'll give you a present to reopen your mind.
-It's hard to fix your makeup every day, isn't it?
-Woman: Yes.
As a gift...
I'll fill your pores with silicone.
Do you want me to shoot you?
Why did you bring this?
Woman: Give it to me. LOLLL
Are you accepting my heart?
Woman: I'll shoot you.
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
-She's so bright.